README.md, before:

# JobHouse

This is simple full-stack Job Seeking
website, where user can find jobs, by categories. and they can apply etc.

## [Project Live Link](https://job-house-94161.web.app/)

## Featues

- in this project will intregated (jwt) json web token authentication system as a result user can access data safely.

- besides in this project added, react tabs transtack query, aos animation, carosel/slider, helmet, and so on - as a result webpage will be interactive and more effective.

- In This Project reate based on backend with client using combined. implement modern features & funcationality like - express server, mongodb database, firebase Authentication, Single Page Application, Private & dynamic Routing etc.

- for user friendly to intregated interactive and dynamic (UI) user interface besides has provided active route dynamic navbar so that user can access easily any page. as a result user experience will be improve

- Single Page Application. So, user can access easily any pages using active route navbar not to need reaload page. as a result load fast, user experience will be improve and save their valueable time.

- has made a responsive design - for all devices. has integate authentication system with firebase - login, Registation and third party social login

Commit message:

get alert message section added

README.md, after:

# JobHouse

This is simple full-stack Job Seeking
website, where user can find jobs, by categories. and they can apply etc.

## [Project Live Link](https://job-house-94161.web.app/)

## Featues

- in this project will intregated (jwt) json web token authentication system as a result user can access data safely and also added dark mode and light mode both of funtionality

- besides in this project added, react tabs transtack query, aos animation, carosel/slider, helmet, and so on - as a result webpage will be interactive and more effective.

- In This Project reate based on backend with client using combined. implement modern features & funcationality like - express server, mongodb database, firebase Authentication, Single Page Application, Private & dynamic Routing etc.

- for user friendly to intregated interactive and dynamic (UI) user interface besides has provided active route dynamic navbar so that user can access easily any page. as a result user experience will be improve

- Single Page Application. So, user can access easily any pages using active route navbar not to need reaload page. as a result load fast, user experience will be improve and save their valueable time.

- has made a responsive design - for all devices. has integate authentication system with firebase - login, Registation and third party social login
